From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman hosted by
Carl Franklin. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number one 63. Recorded
live Tuesday, May 26th, 2009. Support for
Hanselman it's just provided by
teller rad controls. The most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net developers journal the
world's leading.net developer magazine online
at www dot  dot
com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Patrick Summakia lead
developer at end depen. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes, and I'm making
an international call today talking
to Patrick smock here in
France. We're talking about software
metrics. Patrick is the lead
developer at end depend. Thanks
so much, Patrick, for being
flexible with me and talking
across time zones today. So
I wanted to talk to
you about software metrics because
I'm a big fan of
independence and a lot of
the different metrics that indepen
provides to measure quality and
measure a coupling and all
the different things about software
that people don't measure. And
I knew that you would
be the best guy to
talk to. Cause I think
for a lot of people,
lines of code is the
metric that they start with.
And often the metric that
they, that they end with
is lines of code a
useful metric. Yeah, actually line
of code is representative code
matrix because we are, we
are all working with the
fives and you can view
the line of code in
file. So everybody's thinking in
terms of final code and
maybe number five or so,
but I just bled to
make a point about physical
versus logical line of code,
because if you should just
counting the number of line
of code inside your file,
which is a lot of,
a lot of guys I
think are doing that. I'm
not sure it's a really
relevant metric because it can
be dead by the language
can be gained by the
cost side, the commenting Debbie's
a lot of things, a
convenient side. So what the
tools are doing like can
depend, or usually they are
counting line of code with
what we call PDD scans
points, basically a sequence point,
every developer.net developer know what
is the second sprint it's
when you have a, when
you are tip again, you
code, you could just hit
F nine, okay. To put
your break point and what
is underlined by your X
line. He's a second point.
Okay. And by the seconds
point, we can say that
the chicken sport is the
line of executive or executive
or code. Okay. And so
we can say that the
line of code can be
considered with second point. I
just want you to make
this clear like this. We
have a metric, that's the
language independent, like whether you're
doing vb.net or C sharp
or sharp, or on your
language, you have a metric
that can be comparable across
to engage also independent from
the code style and you
don't get four inside the
metric also. So it's a
perfect metric. It's a logical
metric of a line of
code. Okay. So let me
see if I understand this
though. So I want to
make sure that I've understood
what you said. You're saying
that, that when you just
count the lines of code,
when we do these simple
line of code counters that
we all have done and,
you know, computer science, one
Oh one, and the teacher
says, we're going to build
a program to count lines.
Sometimes we'll put in simple
checks for avoiding things like
counting a, a curly brace
as a line of code.
That would be physical lines
of code. You're saying that
the sequence points, this is
based on the PDB file.
This is based on a
D on the, is, is
the PDB file required to
count the sequence points. Yes,
exactly. Yeah. Yeah. The, the
point of these fine inside
the PDB and usually they're,
they are used by the
debit for the, the beginning
experience to link the code
with the source code. But
what most of the dotnet
tool, whether you are thinking
of  and COVID, most
of the donut tool are
working actually the components in
a way or another. And
usually when you are counting
the number of line of
code, you are using the
second voice from DDB and
visual. Interesting. Okay. So if
you can step over it,
then you can count it.
Yeah. Okay. Now, in, in
Steve McConnell's book on software
estimation, it, he says that
lines of code really is
an efficient and efficient way
to compare applications, but only
applications that are developed within
the same context. I mean,
can I compare an iron
Python application and a C
sharp application with lines of
code and get any meaningful
results? I think that that's
a, that's interesting to use
line of code for comparing
a lot of developers. It's
like then of course, because
they see it as a
yardstick to measure productivity. And
I don't think it's relevant
to measure productivity because more
line of code, we all
know that by cookie passcode,
we can have more line
of code and it's a
really bad thing. So line
of code, doesn't meet your
productivity, but it's still very
useful. Indeed. I still, my
Cornell said that to compare
code, because for example, I
just have a few, few
numbers here to give the
donate framework with this definition
as around 2 million, nine of
code. Okay. Like we shopper
half the medial line of
code and it depends, Hey,
2009 as the 35,000. Okay.
ten.net as 45,000. And the
list is very long. And
now you see that with
this number. If I'm talking
like this, you can say
that  is really a
big, big, big piece of
code and you can compare
it to the other or
the tool or the software
that, you know, what what's
interesting is that you can
build your, your own software
and like compare a fault
in your software compare with
other, I fought that you
know about, Ah, I think
the thing that surprised me
there was that re ReSharper
was a half million lines
of code, but that's probably
a topic for another day.
I'm not working at ReSharper,
but I think they have
a lots of generic zip
code because, you know, it's
a comp compiler related. And
usually when you develop compiler,
you will regenerate tons of
code. So I say, I
think we shop a lot
of code, but it's also
interesting to use line of
code inside your code bus
to compile feature implementation. Okay.
Like we know that we
have like the 2000 line
of code and future B,
we have the 4,000 and
then maybe you can assess
for the future feature C
you can assess the number
of enough code, and maybe
you can have a good
estimation of the time you're
going to spend on this
feature. Now line of code
though, as a metric doesn't
measure quality, it measures quantity.
So it's just one metric
of, I assume, several dozen
metrics that we might want
to use. What are some
metrics that I can use
to really point at some
code? And it tells me
whether this is good code
or not. First thing of
code can be used for,
for quality, right? Like she
has a very big
with more than let's say
20 line of code begins
to be really hard to
understand. Okay. So for, for
focus, quality for maintenance line
of code can be used
at the third level and
I will save another type
level. But what's really interesting
is end of code is
that it's related to, to
another very popular metric, which
is the ratio of code
COVID by tests and whether
you are using in the
donut world and Kovar, or
whether you are using a
visual studio for coverage. Okay.
Both those tools are relying
on PDC counts points actually
as diagnosis code. And two,
sometimes you get that with
this tools. I actually put,
sometimes you have line of
code. So, so these two
metrics pretty related, and in
my opinion, there was show
of course, covered by tests
is the most important metric
you can have because there's
not related really to maintenance.
Of course you can detect
a regression test, but also
related to correctness, which is
very important on every developer
and do more. You call
this COVID and you can
be sure that the more
likely you are . So
the ratio of lines of
code covered by tests can
tell me whether or not
that code is going to
run as I expect it
to it'll tell that it's
correct. Does it really measure
code quality? I mean, I
could write bad code and
have great coverage, I guess
good or bad is a
usually subjective. Like beauty is
a subjective thing. Is there
a more concrete metric I
can use to decide whether
code is, is well-written or
not? Hold send to quality
of some of the metrics
and more or less we
all know about it. So
there is one very important
metric, which is name psychometric
complexity. So basically the definition
is the number of fastest
thread can take, you know,
metered. So you find four
meter, the concrete method with
the body, but a more
concrete cyclometric complexity, the number
of, for each switch case,
etc statements you have in
the body of humid and
a  with the number
of line of code, you
can have pretty clear idea
of that, that won't be
maintainable in the future. Anyway.
So you have also another
border of this metric, which
is the nesting depth, which
is the deepest chelated scopes
inside the body of the
metered. Okay. And so you
can define these metrics. He
really went out there, the
big fat meter that we
will tend to maintain and
to, to develop. And of
course you have a lot
of guys like no, those
parameters and variables, number of
overloads for method, et cetera.
So all these metrics, which
are the definition is pretty
of use from a developer
point of view. All these
metrics can be used with
three souls and it's very
easy. You just stick, shoot.
We sold like a
like, for example, I don't
want more than 10 for
complexity of the metal or
more than 20 line of
code. And then you need
some new continuous integration process.
You can see immediately issue
of new guys that are
not respecting this result. Okay.
So if I have lines
of code in my toolbox,
I have cyclometric complexity and
I have the percentage of
code covered by tests. I
can get a good sense
of whether or not my
code is, is objectively a
good code. I can tell
whether or not it's going
to run as I wish,
but when I start looking
at, you know, specific functions
and I say, this function
is too complicated and I,
and I break it up
into pieces, the complexity of
the business problem is still
there. I've just made it
into, into bite sized chunks.
So I might be able
to look at my application
and say, this is no
longer complex from a method
perspective, but the software itself,
the way that the software
fits together, the way that
it couples with other bits
of code may indicate other
problems. Don't you think? Yeah,
I completely agree with you
because actually we are talking,
we are talking about two
kinds of complexity. The first
one talking about is related
to your software. It's related
to the domain of your
software and other points, you
will reach a point where
the complexity of the software
developing. It cannot be smaller
than what it is now,
but by having , by
having all this very bad
thing, then you are fabricating
even more complexity. So here,
the goal here is to
reduce the fabricated complexity. So
finally, just keep the, the
essential complexity that you will
have any way, because if
you are doing professional software,
it is complex anywhere. So,
so this is a, there
is really two kinds of
complexity and there is one
you cannot really reduce, but
you're the one that we
sold and there are metrics
to try to witness this
one. I've used the independ
over the years. And we
used it at, at a
Kirlian. CheckFree the banking company
that I worked at. And
I always found that it
took me a while to
get my brain around the
way that it displays the
information. It's a, it can
be a little overwhelming when
you try to present such
a large amount of information
over a very, very large
library. I always show people
the.net framework, you know, thousands
of types. And, you know,
it almost feels like I
don't have enough pixels on
the screen to, to present
this. What is the name
of the, the view that
you use to show this?
It's kind of like a
grid and then there's colors
and numbers within the grid
and you can drill in
and out. What is that
call that you're, that you're
using? So basically what we
don't in, in the tool
and Japan is that we
have a four panels and
we try to provide civil
view on new code, whether
is it about dependency or
whether it's about matrix or,
or evolution, but when it
comes to metrics, the, the
view you are talking about,
what's his name team up.
Okay. And basically is just
a usual rectangle. You have
your panel defined as a
rectangles. So this rectangle as
a read as an, a
hate, and it defines us
too fast. Okay. And did,
is that we've caught a
demand Mitch value. So for
example, if you are looking
at the number of plaintiff
code of type inside your
library or inside the net
framework, for example, we can
say that like, there is
like 2 million sign off. We
can say that the first
of the funnel is actually
2 million, nine of God. And
then what we want to
do is to represent each
class inside the.net framework, we
ask for proportional to the,
of fine of code of
the concern class. Okay. So
basically you will get a
rectangle and a lot, a
lot of sub rectangle inside
this rectangle and the big
sub rectangle will be actually
the big type. Hi, it's
Scott here from another place
in time. I hope you're
enjoying the show so far.
I apologize for interrupting it,
but I wanted to let
you know that assembling a
podcast like this every week,
isn't free. Certainly the bandwidth
bill crushes us every month.
So I wanted to let
you know that this show
is sponsored by Tellerik. They
make the show possible and
it makes it pretty cool
products as well. For example,
if you're trying to build
a web 2.0 age, actually
application trying to use the
web 1.0 components, it's kind
of difficult. You got to
get the next gen stuff.
If you want to build
the next gen websites. And
that's exactly what the folks
at Tellerik have got and
their new upcoming product, which
is code named rad controls.
Prometheus's big pack, a web
controls built entirely on top
of the Microsoft ASP net
Ajax stuff that you already
understand. It's going to give
you a lot of performance
interactivity on your next project.
They mirror the ASP net
Ajax API. So the development's
really straightforward client scripture's shared
loading time is pretty fast.
You set a couple of
properties. You can even bind
a web services for really
efficient operation. The new rad
editor for ESPN at Ajax
loads up to four times
faster than before. And the
rad grid will do thousands
of records in milliseconds. But
of course, it's better to
try these things for yourself.
So you can visit
dot com slash ASP, net
Ajax, and download a trial.
Thanks a lot for listening
and we'll get right back
to the show. Okay. So
the size of the rectangle
is an it's something I
can choose. I can say
that this rectangle is going
to be large because of
lines of code or because
of some other metrics. So
the size of the rectangle
is another axis in my,
in my graph that I'm,
I'm trying to make multidimensional
data appear in two dimensions.
Yeah, that's exactly that thing.
What's interesting. So with the
three map view, is that
a, is that the metric
that gives me the class
that are related, like for
example, classes inside the same
name space will be, will
be plastic clubs on the
we'll be located near, inside
the three maps. So you
can see that these namespaces
big, big, or this one
is very small. So not
only gives you a size
four metered side, but also
financial state and as somebody.
So you can see the,
the whole structure of the
code in terms of the
metric you are choosing to
turn, and here is the
number of, And then because
of the grouping, I can
group things are grouped by
namespace and by assembly, I
could look at something kind
of, I could back away
from my large monitor and
I could tell whether one
assembly is a problem based
on the complexity that appears
in one assembly versus versus
another. I could probably use
this also to measure the
complexity of open source applications
that I bring in libraries
that may, you know, may
feel good. But when I
look at the numbers, they
might be trouble in the
She's under the application of
this kind of tool for
measuring quality is good to
measure your own quality. But
for example, when you are,
when you are buying early
library, or when you order
someone to do library for
you, it's interesting to minimal
matrix to, to abide by
insight, insight like that. You,
you can be not really
sure that the quality will
be here, but at least
you can, you can assess
the quality. So I think
this is a new kind
of way to see the
relation between the different actors
in the software development. Because
now you can, you can
say, I want this minimum
of quality, like in any
other industry, when you are
ordering the building or Villa
or house, anything you want
a minimum quality. I need
people with eyes and we,
this kind of tool. Now
you can do it in
software, Right? Yeah. The, the
ability to be able to
stop a build because of
something being wrong has always
been important to me when
I'm doing a CEI, when
I'm doing continuous integration, being
able to say that the
build has failed because of
some syntax error is really
step zero. Being able to
stop the build and declare
that the build is bad
because of a test failure
is important. But the idea
that you could stop a
test based on a design
flaw, I always thought was
a cool, a cool idea
that I could say, this
is just too complex for
any human to understand, and
I want to stop the
build. And, you know, perhaps
I could put in a,
an exception It's I have
a COVID about tail here.
Is that now more and
more, and we keep fall
of COVID actually more and
more. We have a lot
of generated code. Okay. And
actually just two, there is
a new show with Kathleen
dolls about cogeneration. And one
question was about the quality
of generic cheat code. And
what we can see is
that the real from the
quality of the generic is
not here because this code
actually, won't having to be
understood by, by the human.
So you said we did
a good thing, but when
Tula analyzing code at first,
she doesn't make the difference
between generated and a
quested code, right? So you
don't want to AB to,
to, to follow metrics too
much about that. So for
example, in Japan, we are,
we are providing some facility
like you can use some
regular expression, or you can
require that site outside of
the assembly, won't be, won't
be inspected or things like
that, but still you have
this generated code. Maybe you
don't really want to hear
about inside your report. So
this is a good thing
to stop the bill, to
fake the bill because of
quality. But you have to
make sure first that you
have under this, this potential
problem, Right? It sounds like
I'll have a lot of
exceptions. Definitely. Now lines of
code are still, these are
still pretty, pretty basic. We're
kind of moving from the
basic metrics to the more
complex. I think that everyone
has used lines of code.
At some point, people, as
they start getting into a
test driven development and respecting
their tests, they start caring
about code coverage. The things
that I think are the
most interesting metrics are the
ones that I'm afraid to
use a lot of math,
and they use a lot
of charts and graphs to
explain. And then the one
that I found the most
useful when I was working
in, in, in the banking
industry was this notion of
afferent and efferent, coupling afferent,
a F F and efferent
E F F. And I
think they're really horribly named
because I can't quite keep
them, keep them straight. And
the idea is that who
is using me and what
am I using? Is that,
is that a fair way
to put it? And how
do I keep them? How
do I keep track of
which ones afferent, coupling, and
which ones efferent These two,
these two metrics, actually, they
are related to something that
we pop it off for
every architect, which is everybody's
nowadays is they know what
days, and this is a
good thing. Everybody said, I
want low coupling. And I
want high collision inside my
code. And what's interesting is
that we have metric for
that. So Metricon concerning coupling,
as you said, they are
incoming and outgoing or runs
an uncoupling. Okay. And this
metric can be very interesting
because for example, let's take
the, if interferon, uncoupling, what
does it mean? If you
have a high Extron coupling,
let's say for class the
highest run, it means that
you have a class that
is using lots of the
classes. So efferent coupling means
I have a lot of
outgoing references. I'm using a
lot of stuff. Exactly. Yeah.
Imagine you have a friend
that is using a lot
of stuff. Then you can
say almost sure that this
class is breaking the senior
responsibility principle. So imagine a
cloud that is using some,
some WPST things and it's
using some data things, and
maybe some, a threading thing,
like observing your class, like
kind of big fat class
using a lot of things.
Then you can see that
the single responsibility principle that
just stayed that study, that
that class should have just
one reason to change. Or,
or that, I just say
that a class of just
one concern, you can see
that it's broken and actually
stuff called base sheet. There
is a lot of such
classes at discusses. They can
be supported with line of
code for the complexity, but
if someone could bring his
weight, he's a real key
concern class and concerning
the Gaia, the number of
Gaia that use me, imagine
that you have a crowd
that is a pretty popular,
that is pretty used in
Southside you inside your code
bad. What does it mean?
It means that this class
is changing. If we pull
back, we a lot of
other things. So a Cooper
on the class, I think
it's a bad thing to,
and here there is a
tweak. The tweak is to
transform your class inside the
other. You can swap your
implementation to an abstraction. Okay?
If you have the highest
, you cannot avoid it.
There will be some type
that will be very popular
because , but I've seen,
it's a good thing that
these type will be implementation.
Even then you should just
do one NFS for one
class. It's a good thing,
because at least you can
agree on a contract. You
can define your interface as
a contract, and a, at
least you can agree with
all these user that they
should be, that you use
different efforts this way. Maybe
the implementation evolve. It won't
be seen by others, but
by user. So that's a
metric that's in services. And
finally, another usage of .
It's interesting because if you
have zero, it means that
your class is not used
at all. And this is
not always true because of
course you can use it
with reflection. You can see
he's putting more, features, more
things like that. But step
three, you can see for
class is not used. And
in any depend, we are
using the streets through some
key points. That code that's
another usage of interesting usage
of Asteron cooking. Okay. So
afferent coupling the, the incoming
usage. You're saying that having
a lot of people rely
on me, puts a lot
of pressure on me as
a class. It also tells
me whether or not I'm
going to be a problem
if I change. So I
like that afferent coupling is
a good signal that you
should be thinking about interfaces
if you haven't already been.
Yeah. All right. Very cool.
There is another liter of
this metric, which is the
ranking metrics get inspired from
the Google ranking page. I'll
go with them and they're
independent. We implemented this matrix.
So in both type and
a method, or maybe better
said on the graph of
site and the grasp of
third. And so now we
can see with this metric,
which one is very important
insight. So just as an
example, if we apply this
metric on the.net framework immediately,
the top 10 type will,
will be Jake integers, Boolean,
et cetera, or primitive side
that are extremely important and
actually use everywhere. But now,
if we translate this metric
on a, another code base,
it's very interesting because you
shouldn't know a code base,
you should just have a
code base. You just arrive.
Then you can see what's
really important. What's really matter
inside the code base. And
then you can begin to
study this thing and see
how they are related to
component. And this is also
a good metric to, to,
to use, to, to discover
quote base. One of the
things that I think is
exciting about software metrics, it
seems obvious to you, I
think because you work in
this, in this stuff every
day, but the idea that
you could come upon a,
a, a metric, which is
really just an equation, and
you could say, Oh, well,
this would be fun. Let's
see how we can apply
this to, to code. So
the idea that you took
Google page rank as a,
as a popularity and applied
it to code is I
think is a, is a
way I wouldn't have thought.
I think I wouldn't have
thought of It gets pretty
interesting. I'm not sure I'm
the first one that did
that, that, that, that is
pretty interesting results. Well, it
certainly, no, one's the first
one to do anything anymore.
No, I know that
like now, which is now
at Microsoft research on the
text. I know he did
this metric. I think a
bit before me, he did
this metric inside, inside the
network sector, I think. Oh
yeah. One of the metrics
that stood out that I
thought was fun was this
metric called crap, the crap
metric, which stands for change
risk analyzer and predictor. It's
a, it's a Java metric
that basically tells you if
your code is crap. Right?
The problem. So here we
have some other metrics like
that. Actually, they are metric
composition. So now for fall,
we just talk about basic
metrics that can be really
image, at least from the
there. And the idea here
is to put some equation
and to compose this metric.
So for example, the crop
is the psychometric complexity or
squared multiply by one minus
the COVID, right? So you
are the big formula. And
at the end and experience
that you, that you given
by this formula, in this
sponge, it will be very
bad and these ranges would
be acceptable, et cetera. So
you can use metric. You
can compose matrix. There is
another example of a metric
composition in digital. Should you
go, you have the maintainability
index, okay. Which is a
mix of the metric metric
and psychometric complexity line of
code, et cetera. And the
idea is that here you
get a number without dimension.
Okay. When you say a
line of code that you
mentioned is one line of
code, right? Or when you
say  is the number
of user, okay. But here
you get to a metric
without dimension that is to
post to give you a
original about what's really bad.
And in my opinion, I
don't really believe in this
metric because I I've never
seen a composed metric because
it's very easy to fake
this metric with a false
positive and a counter example,
then that doesn't show that
it doesn't work all the
time. I think that the
definition of a sweat metric
as to us to stay
pretty, pretty understandable for everybody.
And the minimal requirements is
that you can understand that
you mentioned of the metrics.
Well, the, the thing that
I like about this metric
and why I think the
crap metric is it's fun
and not just fun, but
useful is that in this
instance where we're composing a
metric about complexity, we're composing
a metric using cyclometic complexity
and composing it with coverage.
We're basically saying that this
is complex, but I'm protected
by these tests. I think
you can have a more
linear way to compose metrics.
So for example, the approach
we are taking in independence,
that you can just define
some rule and no, you
cannot, for example, for complex
method that are not COVID
because you can define some
kind of what we call
SQL query. So basically we
are craving the code as
you would query a database.
Okay? And maybe you can
really ask us select method
where the complexity is higher
than maybe 10. And the
percentage per bridge is lower
maybe than 10%. And you
get the effectively the same
thing as what you're saying.
Exactly, but it's more linear
and at least remains understandable.
And if you have a
false book, it will be
very easy to understand why,
why you're here. You have
a problem, but usually by
composing linearly, the metric is
going to be, you can
understand the ratio, which is
really the person essentially. Yeah.
That's a good point that
the crap metric is interesting
because it's squares the complexity
number, and then it cubes
the code coverage number. So
it's putting more weight on,
on one aspect of the,
of the metric than another,
as with all of these
things, they have a reason
for it. But I think
your point is well taken.
You can't really easily look
at the value and say,
here's what I need to
do to pass this metric.
Another composed metric that you
use is this, this vs
maintainability index. This is something
that the FX cop team
uses. It's an index. That's,
that's more linear, but it
is it a, it's not
a percentage, right? It's not
one to a hundred. Is
it? I don't quite understand
the number Because that's exactly
the point. I wasn't. I
was making you, you don't
get the number because there
is no dimension in that
number because it's a mix
between civil matrix, that complexity
line of code. And so
you cannot put a dimension
and each issue don't understand
Microsoft just totally tell you
that you will have a
number between zero and 100,
but maybe if it's a
up to 20, it will
be good. But you just,
you just forced to, to
listen to them because it
should not an extent. You
cannot understand that you mentioned
metric and you cannot do
proper choice by you own.
So this is the world.
Proper fam was the composing
nonlinearly metrics, I think. Yeah,
I agree. It's very confusing.
Now I've been playing with
dotnet for, Oh, and I
know that you have to,
and you've been looking at,
I think you called them
evolutionary metrics or metrics around
how, how things change. So
being able to compare multiple
builds and you had a
blog post a couple of
days ago where you were
looking at dotnet three, five
and.net four and seeing what
was changed and, and what
was added to the diamond
framework. Yeah. I've seen that,
Dave, will you share the
changes inside the code base
is extremely important. And with
the widow you are using
a good frame work, like
the.net framework, and one to
see what's evolving or whether
you are just seeing that
they've already shown on your
own code. I think it's
very important because think about
it when you release there's
some code when the code
is a projection. Okay. If
you have a, if you
don't have bugs or you
are a few bugs, when
the cottage in production, or
at least this is the
goal you want to achieve,
right? So between the release
N minus one and the
next release number N okay.
All the, all the difference
between the two, the two
snapshots codebase can contain Schulberg
that have not been in
production yet. So I think
that the focusing on to
the Delta between two really
diseases, extremely potent, and the
development team are using this
feature, which can be used
actually in Japan. We can,
you can cooperate this, a
feature, we, for example, quality
metrics. So for example, you
can, you can write some
rule and just ask for,
tell me about Smith. That
has been  the way
the code was changed. Right?
And I want to know
about this method, and I
want to make sure that
all these methods, other, maybe
a 90% coverage by test,
or even 100%. So maybe
you can require that maybe
like a, a, a complex
city, a lower than 10.
So what is really cool
here is that everybody's dealing
with big assay suppose. Now
you are dealing with a
very huge code base. You
can say from now ,
I want them to, to
expect a minimum quantity, from
my perspective, this is the
best feature of the project
to allow you to, to,
to, to, to focus on
to the changes and to,
to, to, to, to some
rules, to, to make the
quality better on the changes.
Because, because now we know
that the code gets refactored,
and we know that in
one year, in two years,
in three years, legacy code
base will be more or
less transformed Portale. So if
you focus on Delta Delta
on the quality with you
are talking about coverage or
psychometric, complexity, et cetera, you
should focus on quality just
on the Denta. You don't
need to say that from
now. We go stop everything
for three months, and we
facto everything to a quality
metric here. The interesting thing
is that just the data
we are purchasing now, since
the last few days, we
want to focus on this
one and you apply this
a very simple principle, maybe
one year in two years,
and each year you will
get a good quote. I
agree. I think that over,
over time, being able to
set a bar and make
sure that you don't regress,
that you don't go back
in time to a time.
That was the quality of
your code was, was, was
lesser, I think is very
important. So the product that
you, that you're selling is
called end depend, and people
can see that if independent.com
and you blog about software
metrics, if code better.com and
people can find your blog
up there, and I'll put
links to all of this
in the, in the show
notes, I really appreciate you
taking the time to come
and chat with me on
the show today, Patrick. Okay.
Can you wake up? All
right. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
I'll see you again next
week.